Dataloader Sample Project - Bounty (#4096)
graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet: samples/GraphQL.DataLoader.Example/README.md

﻿# GraphQl.Net DataLoader Refeference Implementation

> ## Source:
> https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet/issues/1211
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Not sure that the issue is relevant after it's merged... ??

Author: I'd think it can give Context, to where the need is from and can give insights to interested Patterns and other Metadata to interested Parties.
If u prefer, i can remove it, but i also think it can't Hurt. Especially if we ensure this PR is linked to the Issue.

> A small sample Project. Where we have a very rudamentary Car Dealership, managed in SQLite and we use the Dataloader to Load the Salespeople by Name, in Case we want multiple, aswell as their SubGraph of Assigned Cars, exposing this as a GraphQl Server with the GraphQL.Server.All Package and Altair Ui.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sample project showcasing a basic car dealership system. The dealership is managed using SQLite, with data loading optimized by employing data loaders to fetch salespeople by name. This also supports retrieving their associated subgraph of assigned cars. The project is exposed as a GraphQL server using the `GraphQL.Server.All` package, and includes the Altair UI for interactive querying.
```
